Registering with DIGIRDP or subscribing to our service means you agree to our refund policy. We have enacted a refund policy to provide a better user experience, and the Policy is based on some guidelines and information that you should follow. Kindly read it carefully to avoid any issues that may arise. This Policy can be changed at any time with or without any notice. 

To process the refund for RDP plans, we need a conclusive reason before you ask for a refund. The user must provide any definitive reason, we will try to resolve the issue, or a refund will be issued. You are no longer guaranteed a refund if you violate our TOS, we may still provide a partial refund, but we are not obligated to do so if you have done something atrocious.

## Refunds on the grounds of the pretexts mentioned below will not be accepted :
 
-  Ignorance about the proper usage of RDP.
 
- Unsuitable network connection at the client's end.
 
- Other technical reasons at the client's end prevent them from using our product to its optimal efficiency.
 
- Issues concerning third-party software.  ( If a 3rd party software or Bot is corrupted or a tampered refund will not be given for that reason, you should contact their support to get it solved.)

- Refund Policy does not apply to the Dedicated Servers / Residential RDP ISP/proxy Fee /VPS product category.
 
- Invalid claims or silly reasons are NOT eligible for a refund.
 
## DIGIRDP strictly does not condone Hacking/ Brute-forcing/ Mass Mailing Tools. They are illegal, and hence clients will not be able to use them with the servers provided by us.
Admin RDP Server Policy :
 
- Our Server managers are at your service 24X7. Please feel free to contact us anytime.
 
- Server maintenance will be done occasionally, which may involve restarting a server.

Residential RDP ISP/Proxy Fee Policy :
- We don't have any Refund Policy for our Residential RDP ISP and proxy Fees. A refund will be issued after the deduction of ISP/Proxy cost, which starts from $9.99 and varies from plan to plan.
 If we find any proxy or ISP fault, we will fix it as soon as possible. (depending on the issue & holiday).
 
- We have mentioned setup time for all products. Within setup time, will not accept any claim about server pending or not delivered.


## Abuse policy:

We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. Any material that, in our judgment, is obscene or threatening is prohibited and will be removed from our servers with or without notice.

Failure to respond to an email from our abuse department within 48 hours may result in the suspension or termination of your services. All abuse issues must be dealt with via support ticket/email and will respond within 48 hours.

If in doubt regarding the acceptability of your site or service, don't hesitate to get in touch with us at <abuse@digirdp.com>, and we will be happy to assist you.

Potential harm to minors is strictly forbidden, including but not limited to child pornography or content perceived to be child pornography (Lolita):

Any server found to host child pornography or link to child pornography will be suspended immediately without notice.

Violations will be reported to the appropriate law enforcement agency.

## Some Important Points Regarding Our Refund Policy:
 
 If you violate our ToS, no refund will be made at any cost.*

 You agreed to our ToS and Refund Policy during payment. Hence PayPal / Payza or any other payment mode will also read our Policies and make refunds based on our Refund Policy.*

 If you disagree with the above Rules/Restrictions, please DO NOT place the Server / RDP  order.*

 No refund will be issued for those who make cancellation requests without asking for support or waiting at least 24 hrs after creating a ticket *

# Last Updated
- 1/11/2022
>
>
#### Thank You!
### TEAM DIGIRDP